This was a really interesting project. There were many times where I wanted to quit, but I kept perservering. A lot of the errors I got were because I was not seeing what I typed and it resulted in many frustrating moments of desk pounding. The hardest things I struggled with were with the Vi command for a few reasons. 1. since this is a text editior and not an IDE like Repl.it or Dr Java, you can't mass delete at once(or I did and failed misreably) and it was super time consuming at times. I also ran into issues with the tope of the code. Since the tutorial user was using linux and I was using Windows, it was a little different in how directories were written. Like I tried using #!/bin/bash in the beginning of the code, but it was not working...so I added /usr before the /bin and it worked out for certain shells like hello-world. But when I tried to continue it with that same convention the code wouldn't work with certain files like backup.sh. Just when I thought I was going to give up, I decided to take out the "/usr" part and voila the code ran! Even getting this code into github took some tremendous work. For some reason I couldn't push it onto my github repo like I did effortlessly in Project 1, so I decided to think out of the box and download Github for desktop and it got it here(Stack Overflow and Google search for debuggging help was really useless for this Project). In the end I'm glad with the progress I made in this Project. It might not be A worthy(there was a problem with counting files....I don't know if I coded wrong or if I just didn't have files like the tutuorial user did), but I still think it is really solid work
